free market friends thank you
that they have visited us
publication
on this occasion hand let's make a
review of this model of hearing aids
will mark power that is 80 29 these
hearing aids have a system via
bluetooth but you can also
connect them wired ie with a
3.5 minute cable these hearing aids
can be converted to connect from
It forms the factory and good as
interesting is that they also include what
which is the regular for the micro sd and
can
and listen to the songs to whoever has
his music recorded on a good micro sd
because referring to model 80 29
but he showed that unlike his
previous is an 80 28 good because the
boxes change completely continue
having that aesthetic of black in the
information the back and good
Well let's open it to see what
we find our hearing aids
we realize that these hearing aids and
in the following has said how to
see it is also different from the 80 29 that
it was a square shaped box
on this good occasion we are from
this way we are currently
having four types of hearing aids that
they are white with black black the color
our color purple and reason within
the box we realize that a
instructive entered the part of the
instructive that the advantage of this is
which is instructive helps you to know a
little bit more about hearing aids and
advantage is that well then is the
People who like it in Spanish and
good is concluded what is your cable
usb so they can load it
He also leaves these hearing aids that also
as it is will mark it futile
charge about two hours before an hour and
half an hour can be charged by
Battery will last up to 8 from 7 to 8 hours
about that we are talking about
a constant use between music in
Answer calls etc. but good
they have not been tested I also realize
that in a week and a half week with
constant use live the gym in
public transport and so on
Referees get to have enough
battery for week to week and a half
approximately good then we are going to
know a little more of these
hearing aids we realize that the
hearing aids change things too
practically all its aesthetics why
because in the top part we give ourselves
mind that the headband is something
padded that's what makes it
pretty attractive because it changes
completely the way to know the
hearing aids and the advantage of these
hearing aids that you no longer owe
worry about scratches and you from
worry about none
this type of malfunction that can
cause these headphones to the headband
these hearing aids then the advantage is
that when you put them on, it feels good
a quite pretty performance
good
it also includes what controls are
inside the hearing aids that are in the
part of the erection the left part
where on the right side good we
we realize that there is the option of
On is the option to increase
decrease volume and is also found
here the part of the microsd slot
on the left side, well, there is the
change of song that can do it
or simply the play
the stop inside the good
Well, it 's a pretty pretty aesthetic
is still the conditioned the schoolboy
has characterized by the following
operation is quite thick
quite comfortable not like other types of
hearing aids that they presume is the
mattress ado but it's a line really
from collection to lie this is
enough or that I have to have comfort
the theme of the diameter of the
pretty headphones too pretty
broad same way as the 80 28 these
themselves 80 29 helps you to be able to
cover the largest size in part of the
the ear then they also have the
way to reduce outside noise
quite interesting and good then you
it helps the sound to be very very
well then let's try them now
then I have prepared what is my
mobile phone remembering the questions
frequent that have made me is hey serves
for any type of smartphone the
answer is if it serves for any
kind of high- end smartphone
low range
it's simply being in a correction and
absolute then good so let's give
what it is to light them there is something
interesting are icons when
prendes
you get an agricultural benefit
they detached
ok then when we got to
connect us that in this Colombian case
I already have programmed here
and indicates when you learn when you've already
properly connected the bluetooth the
hearing aids then let's listen to what
it's a song that I have prepared
youtube where are we going to find the
sound quality
let's see how it is heard not
let's wait for it to load
then here we can realize
of music and the advantage is that with
controllers I can decrease or lower the
song
here it has reached the maximum
but I can also lower them
quite interesting today is that I want
cause you then it 's time to
pause is simply going to explain
here
and they completely pass the song is
say from here my idea of ​​youtube
let's go to the song I want to go back to
listen I put it here and it gets on play
in again
and interesting about this part then
good is the part of youtube remembering
who can also answer their
calls for these hearing aids and good
Well now let's prove what is the
micro sd we are going to disconnect tantito
this part
we will connect ready and now let's
try what is the micro sd in this
case let's turn them on again we
they are going to say that they went on
and now we are going to use our micro
sd I have prepared with you
excuse me here I have the micro sd
what I'm going to do is but I'm going to
place
then he says he found the music and in
automatic starts playing
then we will raise education
let's keep thinking about the
controllers to lower the volume
now
I'm going to change the songs
that's not what I wanted and I keep walking
now also serves to pause the
song in the right place
he was put on pause
and so it's that simple then these
only economic hearing aids in question
that have many features have
what is a micro sd connection youtube
you can connect your call remembering
that you have the integrated microphone and
Well obviously you take some
Pretty pretty hearing aids with good
aesthetics then hopefully they can be encouraged
people play our song or
classic animal is with us
reminding them that people who
come in the federal district can
have shipments in different points of the
metro we are flexible I remind you that
we are flexible in case you are
working somewhere else and for
issues of distance do not reach a
point where we can remember
we can go towards a place
closest to you then I wish
can be encouraged with us also to
the interior of the republic we have the
10 in the 110 pesos to the whole republic
Mexican and good also the guarantee is
30 days with us directly in
home
in contrast some damage of the
hearing aids we change them and
no problem
then we remind you we are your
orders and hopefully do not dare to buy
with us thank you very much